Spencer Cornish
CSCI-305

10. It appears that there are some circular references happening in the
    chain of words, where word x references word y which references word z which references word x,
    and so on.  The most common phrase I am seeing is 'of the world', which repeats endlessly.

14. Many of the titles still devolve into repeating patterns, because oftentimes
    a word will only have an association with another word, and that word only
    associates with the original word, for example.

15. The title I found that terminates in less than 20 words starts with the word
    'que'. It generated the title 'que te quiero ser feliz navidad negra tomasa'.

16. The way I chose to solve the repeating word problem is a relatively easy
    solution. I chose to just remove duplicate words of any kind in the title.
    This not only solved the problem, it also made sure the song titles were succinct.
    Another more complex solution would be to go through and do pattern detection, and look
    for sets of repeating words of a certain length (such as 3 words long) and block
    the addition of those specific words until we terminate.

19. First run: 'bob marley is my heart'
    Second Run:'bob marley purt drive me down road blues night long way you are'
    The title differs each time because if there are multiple most common words
    (words with the same number of occurrences that are also the highest occurrence)
    the mcw method returns a random word from that set. This in turn changes the chain
    of words that is used to build the title.

20. My favorite title is 'que te quiero ser feliz navidad negra tomasa', which translates
    to 'I want to be happy, Black Christmas Tomasa'. I have no idea what that means,
    but I like it!

21. I really like the '<conditional> ? <if-true> : <if-false>' pattern, because it
    allows the developer to greatly shorten code and replace multiple long statements
    with shorter ones. I also was very surprised to find the Array.sample method,
    which returns a random element from the array. This is great since it shortens
    something that is normally much more involved.

22. I am not a fan of the lack of semicolons, and curly braces. I believe this is
    because I am just used to them, and it is a hard habit to break.

23. I really enjoyed it! The only part I didn't enjoy was seeing my code fail
    tests because I was off by one. If there was a threshold for the tests that
    aligned with your guidelines, that would be really cool.

24. 6 hours or so

25. Yes, it seems like it is a language best suited for the server, but I could
    be mistaken. So to answer how I would use it, probably for server side scripting,
    but if there are other better applications, I'm not opposed to any!
